https://skribbl.io/ 
Skribble.io is the first thing that came to my mind when I thought about when we discussed connected applications. It is fairly similar to Drawful 2 from the examples we had for class. It is a drawing/guessing game like charades but an online version. It got really popular with the beginning of COVID between my friends and it was the perfect pass time in days when boredom was invading our lives. Skribble works because it came at a time where people were craving laughs and interactions, something we couldnt have coped away in our rooms all alone.

This connected game had one highlight that I think made it the most memorable, that was the score tab and (eventhough may seem unfair) the way the slow typer always lost; the score depended on two things, who answered first and what time since the countdown started did the player answer. 

Something that, even when it brought a good laugh, was the really weird, awkward lines the game’s algorithm used. It was a game made for webbrowser, hence brush techniqu, in my opinion, should have been made in a way that is more friendly to a mouse or a touch pad while the algorithm used was best for tablet or stylus art. In addition to that, I wish making a room was less confusing. While it always worked in the end, i believe giving the rooms a number or a code that worked along side the link would have helped form a much faster connection and one with less errors. As links broke a lot with slow internet connections and computers lagging (happended more quite often when people where not prepared for a fully online year) we had to create the room more than once almost everytime we tried.

If I were to get an opportunity to work on this website’s development, I would add a voice chat, or just a separate chat system that is separate from the response system. I played this game with many friends from different countries and backgrounds, hence finding a platform to talk on, which makes the game a lot more interactive, harder than i would have wished for it to be. We sometimes just talked on the textbox for guessing the drawings but it often got confusing with random guesses being thrown around.

Skribble.io got popular for a reason, one of them being its a free platform did not have that did not lag much once the game has started. I, however, believe that eventhough it being free does not give it much room for improvement, it being better would maybe have not made as fun as it was, because at that time, we needed something raw.

